,description,abstract
0,"for performing the method according to the invention , there are provided a fiber removing apparatus , a quantity measuring apparatus and a control apparatus which controls the mode of operation of the fiber removing apparatus . the fiber removing apparatus as well as the quantity measuring apparatus may be of any selected type . turning now to fig1 and 2 , in a preferred embodiment of the apparatus according to the invention , a series of textile fiber bales 1a , 1b and 1c are arranged side - by - side on a bale support , under which travels a carriage 3 on which there are mounted two spiked fiber bale opener aprons 4 , 5 , constituting a fiber removing apparatus 2 . on the carriage 3 there is laterally mounted a height - measuring device 6 which constitutes a fiber quantity measuring apparatus and which is , in essence , a light barrier formed of a light transmitter 7 and a light receiver 8 . the upper ends of the light barrier project upwardly beyond the maximum expected height of the fiber bales . the receiver 8 of the height - measuring device 6 is connected , by the intermediary of a computer 9 , with an input of a control device 10 coupled to a timer 11 . an output of the control device 10 is connected with a drive motor 12 of the carriage 3 . at one end , the carriage 3 has a switching element 13 which consecutively engages contacts 14a , 14b and 14c , laterally mounted on the machine frame at bales 1a , 1b and 1c , respectively . the switching element 13 is coupled with an input of the control device 10 so that as the bale opener 2 reaches its starting position , a signal is applied to the control device 10 . the signal starts the measuring process , the displacement of the carriage 3 as well as the rotation of the breaker aprons 4 and 5 . the switching contacts 14a , 14b and 14c may also be utilized for reversing the drive of the carriage 3 in case the determined partial quantity is removed from the bales continuously by several back - and - forth passes . in such a case , the switching element 13 transmits a reversing signal to the control device 10 as the switching element 13 engages one of the switching contacts 14a or 14b , respectively . at each of the two ends of the bale support ( only one end shown in fig1 and 2 ) there are provided limit switches 15a , 15b , respectively , which are connected with inputs of the computer 9 and which are actuated by the carriage 3 . the control device 10 has an output which is connected with a pole - reversible drive motor 31 of the breaker aprons 4 , 5 . turning now to the front elevational fig3 in another preferred embodiment shown therein , the apparatus according to the invention has a fiber removing apparatus which opens the fiber bales from above and which has an electromechanical height - measuring device . the fiber bales ( of which only bale 1a is visible in fig3 ) are positioned on a platform 30 supported on the floor . adjacent the platform 30 there are provided rails 16 on which a vertical stand 18 may travel by means of rollers 17 , propelled by a motor 27 . a horizontal support arm 19 is height - adjustably mounted on the stand 18 by means of a securing member 20 . the support arm 19 carries a bale opener 21 adapted to engage each fiber bale on the top . a motor 22 drives , in a manner not shown , an opening roll 23 as well as delivery rolls 24 of the bale opener , as seen in more detail in fig4 . parallel to the stand 18 there is arranged a vertical measuring device 25 which , in essence , is formed of a sliding potentiometer . the vertically displaceable securing member 20 is coupled by means of a contact member 26 with the measuring element 25 , so that a displacement of the securing element 20 is a measure for the change of height of the bale opener 21 and thus is a measure of the height of the removed fiber quantities . the fiber removing operation performed by the bale opener 21 may be time - controlled and quantity - controlled . consequently , after the lapse of a predetermined period or upon reaching a predetermined tuft quantity , the bale opener is lifted off the fiber bale which has just undergone opening and is moved to an adjacent fiber bale and is then lowered to resume the opening operation . in this manner a programmed fiber removal can be effected , that is , a predetermined quantity of fine fiber tufts can be obtained in a predetermined mixture ratio in a predetermined time period for further processing , for example , in a cleaner . the control described in connection with the embodiment shown in fig1 and 2 may find application in the arrangement of fig3 as well . after removing the predetermined partial quantity , the support arrangement 18 , 19 and 20 with the bale opener 21 is , as commanded by the control device 10 , displaced to the adjacent fiber bale . at the foot of the stand 18 , there is mounted a switch 28 which is oriented towards the fiber bales and which is connected with an input of the computer 9 . the switch 28 engages electric switch contacts 29 ( only one shown ) associated with each fiber bale and mounted laterally on the platform 30 . the reversal of the operation of the fiber removing apparatus 21 at the end of the fiber bale series can be effected by the actuation of a limit switch as described in connection with the embodiment shown in fig1 . as an alternative , it is feasible to initially set the number of the fiber bales at the control device 10 , so that both the reversal of the fiber removing apparatus 21 and the reduction of the number of passes by one are performed automatically . turning now to fig5 there is illustrated the relationship between principal components of , for example , a commercially available microcomputer 9 . the computer has inputs , for example , to receive signals from the switching element 13 and the height measuring device 6 as well as an output , for example , to apply signals to the control device 10 . the microcomputer 9 conventionally includes a unit for the system program , a central unit ( cpu ) and data memories , all interconnected in a known manner . the essential function of the microcomputer 9 resides in continuously counting the electrical pulses emitted by the light barrier 6 , in determining the actual height of the fiber bale from a comparison with the original height and in emitting appropriate instructions to the control device 10 for the motors 12 and 31 . turning now to fig6 there is schematically shown the logic circuit for the inputs and outputs of the control device 10 which may be a commercially available programmable control . the control circuit includes a nor gate 34 , the two inputs of which receive signals from the respective limit switches 15a and 15b . the output of the nor gate 34 is connected to an input of and gates 32 and 33 , whose other input , in turn , receives signals from the computer 9 . the output of the and gate 32 is connected to the motor 31 whereas the output of the and gate 33 is connected to the motor 12 . a fixed program is fed into the control device 10 which , based on this program and upon the actual instructions from the computer 9 , controls the motors 12 and 31 . the method according to the invention will be described in three examples which follow . it is assumed that twenty fiber bales of significantly different initial heights are to be opened by the arrangement illustrated in fig1 and 2 . it is desired that each fiber bale should be fully opened in the course of 100 passes . for the fiber removal during the first pass , the fiber removing apparatus 2 moves , with the height - measuring device 6 , under the first fiber bale 1a . first , however , the total height of the fiber bale 1a is measured . the light transmitter 7 and the receiver 8 of the light barrier are 200 cm tall . the light source of the transmitter 7 radiates light over the entire height of 200 cm ; of this light , one part impinges on the fiber bale 1a and another part , for example 10 cm , reaches the photocells of the receiver 8 . as a response , the receiver 8 applies electric signals to the computer 9 which determines that the total height of the fiber bale 1a is 190 cm . since the fiber removal is to be performed in the course of 100 passes , for the first partial quantity removal , a height of 1 . 9 cm is determined . after 1 . 9 cm has been removed from the total height of 190 cm in the first pass , the fiber removing apparatus moves on to the next fiber bale 1b where , in the same manner , a predetermined partial quantity is set and subsequently removed . thus , the fiber removing apparatus 2 moves onto the adjoining fiber bale only when the entire determined partial quantity has been removed from the previous bale . at the end of the bale series , after the determined partial quantity is removed from each fiber bale , the number of passes still to be performed is reduced by one to ninety - nine . the table at the end of the examples indicates for each fiber bale the individual total height before fiber removal , the fiber quantity to be removed and the individual total height after removal . this example , which is discussed in conjunction with the apparatus illustrated in fig3 and 4 , generally corresponds to example 1 ; the partial quantity , however , is removed from each bale not later than at the end of a predetermined period . for the removal of a partial quantity from the fiber bale 1a , the control device 10 is set by the timer 11 for a removal period of 0 . 5 minutes in addition to the total height of 1 . 9 cm to be removed . the fiber removing apparatus 21 removes fiber from the first fiber bale 1a for a certain period , for example 0 . 25 min . thereafter , the actual height is determined and , by means of the computer 9 , there is performed a comparison between the desired quantity to be removed and the quantity actually removed . if after 1 / 2 of the predetermined period , that is , after 0 . 25 min ., the first half of the partial quantity to be removed , that is , 0 . 95 cm has been reached , the second half is removed with the same speed as the first half . if , however , after the first half of the predetermined period , one half of the material to be removed has not yet been reached , that is , less than 0 . 95 cm was removed , the control device emits an electric signal to the drive motor 22 to accelerate its rotation so that the rolls 23 and 24 will effect a faster removal of fiber from the fiber bale 1a . it is feasible to set , for the different fiber bales 1a , 1b , etc ., different fiber removal periods for the partial quantity , for example , in each instance a period between 0 . 5 min . and 2 min . this means , for example , that the partial quantity must be removed from the fiber bale 1a not later than in 0 . 5 min ., from the fiber bale 1b not later than in 1 min . and from the fiber bale 1c not later than in 0 . 75 min . table__________________________________________________________________________fiber bale no . 1 fiber bale no . 2 total height total height total height total height prior to partial after removal prior to partial after removal removal of quantity to be of partial removal of quantity to be of partial partial quantity , removed , quantity , partial quantity , removed , quantity , in cm in cm in cm in cm in cm in cm__________________________________________________________________________1st pass 190 ## str1 ## 188 . 1 200 ## str2 ## 1982nd pass 188 . 1 ## str3 ## 186 . 2 198 ## str4 ## 1963rd pass 186 . 2 ## str5 ## 184 . 3 196 ## str6 ## 1944th to99th pass100th pass zero zero__________________________________________________________________________ fiber bales no . 3 to 19 fiber bale no . 20__________________________________________________________________________ total height total height prior to partial after removal removal of quantity to be of partial partial quantity , removed , quantity , in cm in cm in cm__________________________________________________________________________ 1st pass 170 ## str7 ## 168 . 3 2nd pass 168 . 3 ## str8 ## 166 . 6 3rd pass 166 . 6 ## str9 ## 164 . 9 4th to 99th pass 100th pass zero__________________________________________________________________________ it is to be understood that the above description of the present invention is susceptible to various modifications , changes and adaptations , and the same are intended to be comprehended within the meaning and range of equivalents of the appended claims .","a method of forming fiber mixtures from different kinds of fiber includes the step of removing the fiber in a plurality of passes from a plurality of stored fiber lots containing the different kinds of fiber . during each pass , fiber is removed from consecutive stored fiber lots in partial quantities that are small relative to the entire fiber quantities in the stored fiber lots . according to the method , prior to fiber removal in the first pass , the entire fiber quantity in each stored fiber lot is separately determined and from such entire fiber quantity there is determined , for each stored fiber lot , a partial quantity to be removed from each stored fiber lot during the first pass . each partial quantity represents a proportion of the entire fiber quantity of the respective stored fiber lot . thereafter , at least during the first pass , the determined partial quantity is removed from the respective stored fiber lot ."
1,"referring now more particularly to the drawings , and to those embodiments of the invention here presented by way of illustration , fig1 includes a central passageway 10 through which the slurry containing the fibers will pass . an inlet 11 allows entry of the slurry , and the cleaned material is discharged from the outlet 12 . those skilled in the art will understand that appropriate pumps or the like shown schematically at 13 will cause the slurry to move . such apparatus is well known to those skilled in the art and no further showing is thought to be required . on each side of the passageway 10 there are wash water channels 14 and 15 . it will be noted that the channel 14 includes inlets / outlets 16 and 18 , and channel 15 includes inlets / outlets 19 and 20 . each of the inlets / outlets 16 - 20 may be either an inlet or an outlet , or the wash water may be reversed periodically so the various inlets / outlets have different functions at different times . pumps 17 and 23 are shown for moving the wash water through the channels 14 and 15 . this will be discussed in more detail hereinafter . the wall 21 between the channel 14 and the passageway 10 comprises a screen ; and , the wall 22 between the passageway 10 and the channel 15 also comprises a screen . as a result , it will be understood that the wash water from the channels 14 and 15 can pass through the walls 21 and 22 and wash the fibers in the slurry flowing through the passageway 10 . an important feature of the present invention is the maintaining of the fibers in a fluidized state as the slurry flows through the passageway 10 . more particularly , the individual fibers are not allowed to agglomerate or to collect on the screen 21 or 22 . anytime the fibers agglomerate , or collect together , it becomes difficult to bathe each fiber sufficiently in wash water and remove all contaminants from the fiber . thus , the device in fig1 includes fluidizing means generally designated at 24 , the fluidizing means 24 including side plates 25 and a plurality of agitators 26 . agitators 26 are made of some impermeable material and are spaced throughout the length of the fluidizing means 24 , the fluidizing means 24 in turn extending substantially the full distance of the passageway 10 . between the agitators 26 , the fluidizing means 24 is open to the screens 21 and 22 so fluid can pass from within the fluidizing means 24 through the screens 21 and 22 and then to the channels 14 and 15 . at the upper end of the fluidizing means 24 , it will be seen that there is a shaft 28 , the shaft 28 comprising a means for causing vertical reciprocation of the fluidizing means 24 . a conventional mechanism can be utilized to move the shaft 28 back and forth and cause the appropriate motion of the fluidizing means 24 . a seal 27 prevents leakage around the shaft 28 . with the above description in mind , it should now be understood that a slurry including fibers to be cleaned will be admitted to the passageway 10 at the entrance 11 . appropriate pump pressure from the pump 13 will be applied to move the slurry from the entrance 11 to the discharge opening 12 . as the slurry moves through the passageway 10 , the fluidizing means 24 will be moved reciprocally and the plurality of agitators 26 will cause rather severe motion in the fluid to prevent fibers from agglomerating , and to prevent fibers from sticking to either of the screens 21 or 22 . meanwhile , wash water will be passed under pressure provided by pumps 17 and / or 23 through the channels 14 and 15 . arrangement of the apparatus is such that wash water can be directed as desired for the best cleaning . by way of example , wash water may be introduced at the inlet 16 at one end of the channel 14 . the wash water may then be removed at the exit 20 of the channel 15 . this arrangement will provide a counter flow of the two fluids , for the maximum cleaning ability . the process can be reversed , or two separate streams of wash water can be established , one in the channel 14 and one in the channel 15 . it will be understood that the object of the invention is to cause the wash water to engage the slurry in the passageway 10 to pick up the various contaminants from the fibers , and to remove the contaminants in the slurry . looking now at fig2 of the drawings , the construction is shown in more detail . the channel 14 is shown as having an outer wall 29 , and the inner wall 21 which is a perforate screen . the agitators 26 are shown as angled devices extending into the passageway 10 . thus , as the fluidizing means 24 is moved reciprocally , the agitators 26 will move reciprocally . agitators 26 are very close to the screen 21 , so the agitators 26 will prevent accumulation on the screen somewhat by mechanically removing any fibers that are attached to the screen . more importantly , the motion of the agitators 26 will cause severe turbulence in the fluid within the passageway 10 . this turbulence will be sufficient to maintain the fibers in a separated state , and also sufficient to prevent fibers from sticking to the screen 21 . it will be understood by those skilled in the art that used paper will generally be processed into a liquid , primarily by mechanical and chemical means , and some contaminants may be removed through prior processing . it is common to use sedimentation , centrifuging , and preliminary screening to remove some of the contaminants ; and , flotation is commonly used for substantial cleaning of the fibers . any of these conventional steps may be carried out initially , before the fiber is introduced to the apparatus shown in fig1 of the drawings . as is stated above , the prior art techniques do not yield sufficiently clean fiber and something further is needed . the present invention can therefore be used as the final cleaning step , though of course some prior art steps may be omitted , and the apparatus and method of the present invention substituted therefor . attention is next directed to fig3 of the drawings which shows a modified form of apparatus made in accordance with the present invention . the cleaning technique is the same as that discussed in connection with fig1 and 2 , but the configuration of the apparatus is somewhat different . in fig3 there is a cylindrical container 30 having impermeable walls , and an inlet 31 . at one end of the cylindrical container 30 there is an outlet designated at 32 . mounted within the container 30 , and concentric therewith , there are two screens designated at 34 and 35 . the screen 34 is stationarily mounted , and is provided with an inlet 36 and an outlet 38 . while the inlet and outlet 36 and 38 are adjacent to each other , a wall 39 separates them for proper flow control . considering the description of the prior embodiment , it should be understood that a slurry or the like containing the fibers to be cleaned will be admitted through the inlet 36 so the fibers are contained in the passageway 40 , between the two screens 34 and 35 . a pump such as the pump 37 will cause the slurry to move around the passageway 40 and to be discharged at the discharge 38 . however , while the slurry is moving around the passageway 40 , wash water will be admitted through the inlet 31 to fill the channel 41 . appropriate pump pressure from the pump 33 will cause the wash water to move from the channel 41 , through the screens 34 and 35 and to the center channel of the device to be discharged through the opening 32 . as before , those skilled in the art will understand that the inlet and exit 36 and 38 are reversible , as are the inlet and exit 31 and 32 . the flow can be periodically reversed or can be run in either direction as desired . also , the inlet 31 may be located on an end of the apparatus , opposite the exit 32 . the inlet and outlet 36 and 38 may also be located on the ends of the device , communicating with the passageway 40 between the screens 34 and 35 . if the inlet and outlet are located at the ends of the device , those skilled in the art will understand that the screen 34 can then be made to rotate , preferably counter to the rotation of the screen 35 , for better agitation . fig4 is an enlarged section of the screens 34 and 35 and it will be seen that each of the screens includes a plurality of agitators 42 . the agitators 42 are here shown as being angled members similar to the agitators 26 , the agitators 42 being integrally formed with the screens 34 and 35 ; but , it will be understood that additional pieces can be attached to an existing screen if desired . it will therefore be understood that the operation of the apparatus shown in fig3 and 4 is substantially the same as the operation of the device shown in fig1 and 2 . the screen 35 will be substantially constantly rotated while the apparatus is in use . rotation of the screen 35 will cause relative motion between the agitators 42 so the slurry in the passageway 40 will be in a highly turbulent flow . as is mentioned above , the turbulence will be sufficient to prevent fibers from collecting on either screen , and will be sufficient to prevent the agglomeration of fibers in the fluid stream . as a result , the wash water passing through the channel 41 and through the screens 34 and 35 will clean the fibers and carry the unwanted contaminants from the passageway 40 , through the screen 34 or 35 and into the discharge 32 . it will also be understood by those skilled in the art that contaminants to be removed from the fiber must be small enough to pass through the openings in the screen 21 , 22 , 34 , or 35 . there is always a compromise in selecting a screen small enough to prevent the loss of fibers but large enough to allow loss of the unwanted contaminants . utilizing the method and apparatus of the present invention it should further be recognized that the pressure of the wash water is another variable that will allow removal of more or less of the contaminants and more or less of the fibers . through the use of extremely high pressure , which is to say a large pressure differential across a screen , some small fibers might be forced through the screen . with a smaller pressure differential , relatively solid particles such as ink or clay might pass through the screen whereas a fiber will not pass through the screen . the present invention therefore provides additional controls , and excellent cleaning of the fibers with minimal loss of the fibers . it will of course be understood by those skilled in the art that the particular embodiments of the invention here presented are by way of illustration only , and are meant to be in no way restrictive ; therefore , numerous changes and modifications may be made , and the full use of equivalents resorted to , without departing from the spirit or scope of the invention as outlined in the appended claims .","the fibers of recycled paper are cleaned by agitating the slurry containing the fibers to maintain the fibers in suspension , and contacting the slurry with wash water to remove ink and other contaminants . the apparatus includes a passageway having screens forming opposite sides of the passageway . agitators are within the passageway , and create enough turbulence to prevent fibers from settling or agglomerating . channels adjacent to each screen carry wash water , and pump pressure creates a pressure differential across the screens to cause the wash water to contact the slurry and to be removed from the passageway ."
2,"referring to the drawings , fig1 illustrates a layer of yarns laid with the process and apparatus of the present invention , including a first course c and a second course c &# 39 ;. as will be apparent , each of the courses is laid at an angle of approximately 45 ° to the direction of the fabric forming mechanism shown by the arrow a . the apparatus and process of the present invention are so adjusted in forming the fabric of fig1 that course c &# 39 ; is laid adjacent course c , without any overlap ; however , as will be apparent , the two courses are parallel to each other . in fig2 a fabric is formed in accordance with a second embodiment of the present invention where the process and apparatus are adjusted to provide for an overlap of yarns in successive courses . thus , with a fabric forming direction illustrated with the arrow b , a first yarn course d is laid at approximately a 45 ° angle to the fabric forming mechanism . a second course d &# 39 ; is then laid parallel to course d , and overlying approximately one - half of the width of course d . it will be appreciated that fig2 is merely one illustration of the amount of overlap which can be achieved employing the process and apparatus of the present invention , more or less overlap being possible and being dictated by the requirements of the finished fabric . an overview of the placement of the bias laid yarns in accordance with the present invention is shown in fig3 . the system is similar to that described in my u . s . pat . no . 4 , 556 , 440 . two endless conveyors 30 and 31 are shown , respectively , on the left and right hand sides . these conveyors 30 and 31 , which are of the same length , are driven at the same speed by forward pulleys 32 and 33 and are suspended on rearward pulleys 34 and 35 . forward pulleys 32 and 33 are connected by axial member 36 , while rearward pulleys 34 and 35 are connected by axial member 37 . each conveyor includes a plurality of blocks 40 . formed onto , or from , each block are a series of sharp needles 42 best illustrated in fig4 . formed across , but slightly above , the conveyors 30 and 31 are a plurality of guide arms 50 , 51 , 52 . three such arms are illustrated for laying of three layers of yarn , but it will be appreciated that additional guide arms and complete yarn laying assemblies can be provided , depending upon the number of layers of yarn to be incorporated into the bias laid fabric . similarly , the number of such guide arms can be reduced to two . moving along each of the guide arms is a member 53 to which is attached a yarn carrier 54 , each yarn carrier being employed for laying a plurality of yarns 55 . it will be appreciated , from a review of fig3 that regardless of the angling of the guide arms 50 , 51 , 52 , the yarn carrier 54 is placed in a direction parallel to the movement of the conveyors 30 , 31 . as illustrated in my prior patent , u . s . pat . no . 4 , 556 , 440 , the yarn carriers are mounted in a slot so that they dip down below the level of the needles 42 , and similar needles formed on the rake systems , to be described , in order to allow the yarns 55 being carried to be caught in the rake system at either end of the travel of the carriers 54 . as also set forth in that patent , each of the carriers 54 may be mounted on a pneumatic cylinder attached to a source of air or other gas under pressure to allow movement of the carrier 54 rearwardly as the yarns are caught on the rake system . while not illustrated , a device having means to hold the individual yarns in the fabric 60 together is placed at the end of the mechanism illustrated in fig3 just before the pulleys 32 , 33 . this device can be a stitching machine ; such as the previously described liba copcentr - hs , can be a different type of stitching machine , a knitting machine , or a device which applies an adhesive at selected points along the fabric length and width in order to hold the yarns together , prior to impregnation . through a driving means the yarn carriers are moved back and forth across the short axis of the fabric being formed . either the bonding mechanism contains a driving means , such as an oscillating crank mechanism , which causes the speed of the yarn carrier to be reduced near the end of its travel , or such an oscillating crank mechanism can be provided , separate and apart from the bonding unit , in order to accomplish the same results . while the slowing down of the carriers 54 near the end of travel , beyond the conveyors , can be omitted when the rake system is employed , this slowing down is an aid to attaining parallelism of the yarns , even with the rake system . in addition to being slowed down by this mechanism at either end of its travel , it is necessary to cause the yarn carrier to drop down below the level of the needles 42 , when the carrier has passed beyond those needles and the associated conveyor . this dropping down is required in order to allow the yarns to be wrapped around the needles , or to be impaled by them . this is accomplished by mounting the yarn carrier on a guide pin which travels in a horizontal slot in a guide arm , that slot being angled downwardly beyond the conveyor and the rake system , so as to cam the yarn carrier downwardly , and move the yarns below the horizontal level of the needles . on the return stroke , the yarn carrier moves upwardly , completing the operation of wrapping the yarns around the needles , or impaling them ; and then returns across the fabric being formed . the particular improvement of the present invention involves the rake systems illustrated , on the left hand side of the machine , as numbers 70 , 71 , and 72 and , on the right side of the machine , as 80 , 81 , and 82 . while the general structure of each of these rake mechanisms , and their method of operation , is the same , there are some variations , as will be detailed below . the rake systems and their operation are best illustrated in fig4 , and 6 . as illustrated in fig3 and 4 , the conveyors 30 and 31 have a number of blocks 40 formed on an endless chain . extending from each of the blocks 40 are sharp needles 42 which are spaced equidistantly . as best seen in fig4 the needles extend at , essentially , right angles to the blocks 40 and conveyor 31 . as best illustrated in fig5 the needles 42 are angled slightly upwardly from the blocks 40 . this slight angling upwardly is provided to allow grabbing of the threads and proper interaction of the needles 42 with the rake systems 70 , 71 , 72 , 80 , 81 , and 82 , and the carriers 54 . the amount of angling should be from 10 ° to 40 °, preferably from 20 ° to 30 °. the rake system illustrated in fig4 is , essentially , the one shown in fig3 as 80 . while the guide member 50 is , essentially , at a 45 ° angle to the conveyor 31 , the carrier 54 is , essentially , parallel to that conveyor . the needles 100 formed on rake 80 are at approximately a 45 ° ( 135 °) angle so as to supplement the angle of the guide member 50 and provide the proper interaction with the yarns being carried by the carrier 54 . the angling of the needles 100 on the rake system should correspond , roughly , to the supplement of the angle of the particular guide member in association with which they are used . thus , if the guide member is at 30 °, the needles on the rake system should be at 150 °; if the guide member is at 45 °, the needles on the rake system should be at 135 °; if the guide member is at 60 °, the needles on the rake system should be at 120 °; if the guide member is at 90 ° to the direction of travel of the fabric being formed , the needles 100 on the rake system should be at 90 °. it has been found , however , that the 45 ° rake system can be employed with both the 30 ° and 60 ° guide members . as best illustrated in fig5 the needles 100 on the rake system have an essentially vertical portion 101 , extending upwardly from the rake system 80 , and are then bent over at 102 , so that the point of the needle 103 , is angled downwardly . generally , the angle e between the upstanding vertical portion 101 and the portion of needle 100 on which the point 103 is formed is the same as the angle f between the needle 42 and the block 40 . the angle e may be greater than the angle f , but the point 103 must lie below the needle 42 . preferably , the angle e is approximately 55 °. this is to prevent the yarn from escaping from the rake as the carrier is raised , and then travels back across the conveyor system . the alignment , bending , and angling of the needles 100 from the rake system 80 is best illustrated in fig6 . it will be appreciated , as just described , that the angling of the needles 100 on the rake system 82 will be exactly opposite that shown in fig4 and 6 , and the angling of the needles 100 on the rake systems 71 and 81 will be at essentially right angles to the rake systems 71 and 81 and , therefore , at , essentially , right angles to the conveyors 30 and 31 . the angling of the needles on the rake system 70 will be essentially the same as those on the rake system 82 , while the angling of the needles on the rake system 72 will be essentially the same as those on the rake system 80 . in operation , and referring , particularly , to the rake system 80 of fig4 as the conveyor 31 moves in the direction indicated by the arrow g , and the carrier 54 moves in the direction indicated by the arrow h , the yarns 55 are moved to a point beyond the rake system 80 and below the points 103 of the needles , as best illustrated in fig5 . the rake system 80 then moves in the direction indicated by the arrow i in fig4 so as to firmly grasp the yarns 55 which are in the vicinity of the needles 100 formed on the rake system 80 . as previously indicated , the individual yarns 55 may either fall between adjacent needles 100 , or may be impaled on an individual needle 100 . obviously , with certain types of yarns , such as carbon fibers , the sizing and spacing of the yarns 55 and the carrier 54 would be such that none of these yarns would be impaled . as the carrier 54 is raised upwardly , away from the rake system 80 , it begins to move in a direction opposite the arrow h and , because of the tension in the yarns , pulls the yarns off of the rake needles and places them , firmly , on the needles 42 formed on the conveyor 31 , as illustrated by the yarn 55 &# 39 ; in fig4 . when the conveyor 54 has completed its travel across the fabric being formed , to the opposite conveyor 30 , the process is repeated , with one exception . in returning across the fabric being formed to the conveyor 30 , the yarns are beyond , and below , rake system 70 , when the conveyor 54 dips down . in order to assure retention of the yarns 55 in the needles 100 of the rake system 70 , the rake system 70 must first move slightly forward , i . e ., in the same direction as the conveyor 30 is travelling , before it is moved rearwardly for depositing of the yarns 55 on and within the needles 42 of the conveyor 30 . only a slight movement of the rake 70 in a forward direction , i . e ., a distance sufficient to place the yarn over the needles 42 formed on the conveyors 30 and 31 . generally , the forward movement of the rake system 70 is approximately the distance between two of the needles 100 , preferably the distance between two to three of the needles 100 . the amount of movement required tends to vary with the thickness of the yarn . the operation of the rake systems 71 and 81 , and of the rake system 72 is the same as that described for the rake system 80 . this is because the carrier 54 is moving either at right angles , or in a direction opposite the direction of travel of the fabric being formed . the operation of the rake system 82 is the same as that of the rake system 70 , since the carrier 54 , at that point , is moving in the same direction as the direction of travel of the fabric being formed . while the means for moving the various rake systems are not illustrated , any convenient means can be employed . thus , the rakes may be moved pneumatically , mechanically , or by a solenoid movement . as previously indicated , the density of the fabric can be controlled by overlapping of return courses on first courses . this is accomplished without loss of parallelism . further , this increased density is accomplished without requiring too high a concentration of yarns in each carrier , a situation which could lead to difficulty in operation of the mechanism . without the rake systems of the present invention , this overlapping with paralellism could not be accomplished . the amount of overlap accomplished is , generally , based upon the width of the yarns 55 in the carrier . obviously , this width has nothing to do with the denier of the yarns , but rather refers to the dimension w shown in fig3 . as this width increases , with the same travel of the rake system , there is a greater overlap of yarns , while as the width w is decreased , with the same movement of the rake system , there is less of an overlap of yarns . the amount of movement of the rake systems 70 , 71 , 72 , 80 , 81 , and 82 , and of the carriers 54 , in a direction opposite the direction of fabric formation is dependent upon the speed of the conveyor . the speed of the conveyor is dependent upon the number of stitches per inch being placed by the needling machine , when one is used , i . e ., the fewer the number of stitches , the faster can be the fabric formation . as indicated in my prior patent , the number of yarns in the carrier 54 need not correspond to the spacing of the needles 42 formed on the conveyors . similarly , the number of yarns in the carrier 54 need not correspond to the number of needles 100 on the rake system in the same linear dimension , nor do the number of needles 100 in the rake system have to correspond with the number of needles 42 on the conveyor in the same linear dimension . as previously indicated , the ability to impale some yarns aids in control of density uniformity . as indicated , the fabric formed in accordance with the present process is generally used in the formation of structural parts , as in airplanes , and in such a use is wrapped around a mold , or laid into a particular position , after which , or prior to , being impregnated with a resin . when the fabric is fully in place and impregnated , the resin is cured to complete formation of the part . while the description of the present invention has involved a stitching of the various fabric layers together , it will be appreciated that other methods for holding the non - woven fabric in place can be employed . for example , a loose knitting operation , as is known in the art can be employed . further , a light resin spray can be applied to bond the fibers at their crossing points . again , the material which is employed for this bonding , or the materials used , are not of critical importance , as the ultimate strength of the bias laid non - woven fabric comes from the resin which is finally used for impregnation and which is cured with the fabric in place . if the bonding mechanism used for the fabric does not have a device , such as the oscillating crank of the liba copcentra - hs , then such a mechanism can be independently provided for driving of the yarn carriers in order to provide for their reduced speed of motion near the ends of the travel paths . no mention has yet been made in this specification of the loops which are obviously formed , either by the yarns wrapping around the various needles or by being impaled on them . as is apparent , these loops are at the extremities of the width of the fabric being formed . after stitching or other methods of bonding , so that the fabric is generally held together , the loops can be cut away by any known mechanism . once the other bonding means have been put into place , the loops , which had served only the function of holding the fabric in place up until that time , are no longer required . while the invention has been illustrated and described in accordance with the particular embodiments , it will be apparent to those skilled in the art that variations are possible within the spirit and scope of the invention . accordingly , the invention is not to be considered as limited except as set forth in the appended claims .","non - woven , bias laid fabrics , where the various fabric layers are held together by external means , such as stitching , and wherein , preferably , at least two of the layers are formed at an angle of from 30 ° to 150 ° relative to the long axis of the fabric , are formed by directing at least two pluralities of yarns back and forth across the width of the forming fabric , to be wrapped around or mounted on a series of needles formed on a moving conveyor , one conveyor being placed on either side and moving in the direction of the long axis of the fabric . speed of movement of the yarns can be determined by the speed of movement of the mechanism for the machine operated to hold the various fabric layers together ; preferably said machine mechanism moves more slowly near the ends of each cycle , so that yarn carriers are similarly slowed at either end of the forming fabric width , aiding in making successive courses of yarn lie parallel to each other without the necessity for extra equipment . a second series of needles is provided beyond each moving conveyor , in association with each plurality of yarns being directed back and forth across the width of the forming fabric , to accept the plurality of yarns and place them onto or into the needles on the moving conveyor , the additional series of needles providing for parallelism in each plurality of yarns , with or without overlap of each plurality of yarns ."
3,"like or corresponding parts are denoted by like or corresponding reference characters throughout several views . fig1 shows a pneumatic piping system in a weft insertion apparatus 1 according to a first embodiment of the present invention , the pneumatic piping system including subnozzles divided into different groups for producing different additional weft carrying forces to be applied in warp sheds . the weft insertion apparatus 1 shown is incorporated in an air jet loom in which two different weft threads are employed for insertion . the weft insertion apparatus 1 includes a source 2 of air under pressure for inserting the weft threads . the source 2 is connected through a pipe 18 to a regulator 7 and a subtank 8 which is coupled through a plurality , three for example , of on - off valves 9 to dedicated subnozzles 11 and common subnozzles 12 which constitute a subnozzle group i , and also through a plurality , three for example , of on - off valves 10 to the common subnozzles 12 and dedicated subnozzles 13 which constitute a subnozzle group ii . the on - off valves 9 , 10 are connected to the common subnozzles 12 through check valves 14 . a main nozzle unit 6 is positioned alongside of a warp shed and composed of two main nozzles respectively for two different weft threads 3a , 3b , the weft thread 3a being thicker than the weft thread 3b , for example . the main nozzle assembly 6 is movable to one , at a time , of two selected positions dependent on a selected one of the weft threads 3a , 3b for inserting the selected weft thread through the warp shed . the weft threads 3a , 3b are unreeled from weft supplies 4a , 4b , respectively , and supplied through yarn guides 5a , 5b to the main nozzle unit 6 by a weft thread storage unit and a weft thread selector ( both not shown ) according to the weft insertion sequence dictated by a fabric to be woven on the air jet loom . the subnozzles 11 , 12 , 13 are arranged along the warp shed . the subnozzles 11 , 12 , which constitute the subnozzle group i , are spaced at intervals or pitches smaller than those at which the subnozzles 12 , 13 constituting the subnozzle group ii are spaced . these subnozzles 11 , 12 , 13 are individually capable of producing the same weft carrying force . accordingly , provided the on - off valves 9 , 10 remain open for the same interval of time for air supply , the subnozzle group i can produce a larger weft carrying force than that the subnozzle group ii can produce . operation of the weft insertion apparatus thus constructed is as follows : the source 2 supplies air 15 to the subtank 8 under a low pressure determined by the regulator 7 . upon weft insertion , either the on - off valves 9 or the on - off valves 10 are opened for a prescribed period of time to allow passage therethrough of the air 15 under a reduced pressure toward the corresponding subnozzles 11 , 12 or subnozzles 12 , 13 . the on - off valves 9 , 10 are controlled by weft selection signals a , b supplied from a control unit . when the thicker weft thread 3a is to be inserted by the main nozzle unit 6 , a larger weft carrying force is required . therefore , the on - off valves 9 are opened by the weft selection signal a to pass the air 15 under a pressure appropriate for the thicker weft thread 3a , whereupon the subnozzles 11 , 12 in the subnozzle group i eject the pressurized air 15 to produce a combined stronger air stream necessary for carrying the thicker weft thread 3a . for inserting the thinner weft thread 3b from the main nozzle unit 6 , the on - off valves 10 are opened by the weft selection signal b to enable the subnozzles 12 , 13 to emit the air 15 under a pressure sufficient to produce a combined weaker air stream necessary to carry the thinner weft thread 3b . therefore , the subnozzles 11 , 12 , 13 are selectively operated dependent on the weft thread 3a or 3b to be inserted for carrying the selected weft thread with a weft carrying force suitable for that weft thread . the different weft carrying forces may be produced not only by the differently spaced subnozzle groups i , ii , but also by positioning one of the subnozzle groups i , ii more remotely from the warp shed than the other group , changing the effective cross - sectional area of each nozzle orifice in one of the subnozzle groups i , ii , supplying air under different pressures to the subnozzle groups i , ii , ejecting air streams from the subnozzle groups i , ii at different angles to the warp shed , or varying the intervals of time in which air is ejected from the subnozzle groups i , ii . the weft carrying forces , which are described in each embodiment , may be produced by varying the interval of time in which air is ejected or by varying air ejecting forces . the air ejecting forces are produced by a selective combination of different pitches of subnozzles , different effective cross - sectional areas of nozzle orifices of the subnozzles , different distances of the nozzles from the warp shed , different angles at which the subnozzles are directed to the warp shed , and different pressure under which air is supplied to the subnozzles . the on - off valves 9 , 10 may be selectively actuated by a mechanical cam device operable in synchronism with the rotation of a main shaft of the loom . for example , for selectively inserting two thicker weft threads of cotton and one strong thinner weft thread for weaving corduroy , such a mechanical cam device may comprise a control cam mounted on a valve control shaft which makes one third of a full rotation thereof when the main shaft of the loom makes one complete revolution , so that the subnozzles 11 , 12 will be actuated for inserting one of the thicker weft threads and the subnozzles 12 , 13 will be actuated for inserting the thinner weft thread . with the foregoing arrangement , various kinds of weft threads can be stably inserted through warp sheds since weft carrying forces are available which are suited for the respective different weft threads . when inserting thinner weft threads that can be taken through warp sheds with small forces , the air 15 under pressure is effectively utilized without wastefull consumption . according to the embodiment shown in fig2 different weft carrying forces are produced in warp sheds by providing subnozzles having different orifice diameters or supplying air under different pressures to the subnozzles . there are no common nozzles such as those shown at 12 in fig1 and pairs of subnozzles 11 , 13 are arrayed at equal intervals or pitches , the subnozzles 11 or 13 being spaced at equal intervals . the groups of subnozzles 11 , 13 are capable of producing different weft carrying forces . more specifically , the subnozzles 11 have nozzle orifices of an effective cross - sectional area larger than that of the nozzle orifices of the subnozzles 13 . provided the air 15 is supplied under the same pressure to the subnozzles 11 , 13 , therefore , the subnozzles 11 can exert a greater weft carrying force than the subnozzles 13 . the weft insertion apparatus also includes a pair of regulators 7a , 7b and a pair of subtanks 8a , 8b connected respectively thereto . the subtank 8a is connected through the on - off valves 9 to the subnozzles 11 , while the subtank 8b is connected through the on - off valves 10 to the subnozzles 13 . one of the regulators , 7a for example , has a greater pressure setting than that of the other regulator 7b . as a consequence , the subtanks 8a , 8b supply the air 15 under different pressures to the corresponding subnozzles 11 , 13 for regulating the weft carrying forces produced by the subnozzles 11 , 13 . the weft insertion apparatus shown in fig3 has groups of subnozzles 11 , 12 , 13 that are arranged in a pattern identical to that of the subnozzles 11 , 12 , 13 shown in fig1 . the subtank 8 is connected to three on - off valves 16 which are respectively coupled to directional control valves 17 , which in turn are selectably connectable to the subnozzle groups i , ii . the on - off valves 16 are of the mechanical type and openable and closable for each pick . the directional control valves 17 are actuatable by the weft selection signals a , b to supply the air 15 under pressure through different paths selectively to the subnozzles 11 , 12 or the subnozzles 12 , 13 . according to the 4th embodiment , a weft inserting main nozzle 6 and weft carrying subnozzles 12 are selectively supplied with air 15 under different pressures . fig4 illustrates a pneumatic piping system for an air jet loom employing two different kinds of weft threads . a source 2 of pressurized air serves to supply air 15 under pressure for inserting and carrying weft threads , and is connected by a pipe 18 to a pair of regulators 19a , 19b and accumulator tanks 20a , 20b . the accumulator tanks 20a , 20b are coupled through a common directional control valve 21 and a common on - off valve 22 to the weft inserting main nozzle 6 . the weft inserting main nozzle 6 has two weft passage holes 6a , 6b and a single common tube 6c connected thereto . a selected one of the weft threads 3a , 3b is fed through the weft passage hole 6a or 6b and the common tube 6c into the warp shed . the air source 2 is also connected through a pipe 18 to a pair of regulators 7a , 7b coupled respectively to a pair of subtanks 8a , 8b . the subtanks 8 a , 8b are connected via a common direction control valve 23 to a plurality , three for example , of on - off valves 24 connected to the grouped subnozzles 12 . the subnozzles 12 are arrayed along the warp shed for ejecting air 15 under a pressure appropriate for the weft thread being inserted through the warp shed to assist the weft thread in being carried through the warp shed . the directional control valves 21 , 23 are controlled by a weft selection signal c , and the on - off valves 22 , 24 are controlled by on - off command signals d , e , respectively . fig5 shows an electric signal generator for generating the weft selection signal c and the on - off command signals d , e . the weft selection signal c is issued by a control means comprising a switching command unit 25 , and the on - off command signals d , e are issued by a control means comprising an on - off command unit 26 . the switching command unit 25 is connected to a sensor 27 which detects rotation of a weft insertion control cam 28 for energizing the switching command unit 25 at a time prior to weft insertion . the weft insertion control cam 28 is rotatable in synchronism with the operation of the loom . in the illustrated embodiment , since the two weft threads are alternately inserted , the cam 28 makes half of a full revolution thereof when the main shaft of the loom makes a complete revolution . the on - off command unit 26 is energized by a signal supplied as input information from an encoder 29 which electrically reads angular displacement of the main shaft of the loom and delivers angle in formation to the on - off command unit 26 . the sensor 27 is also connected to an on - off program selector 30 that is supplied with information indicative of a weft insertion timing angle from a memory 31 serving to set a weft insertion timing for delivering selected timing information to the on - off command unit 26 . the regulators 7a , 7b , 19a , 19b , the accumulator tanks 20a , 20b , the subtanks 8a , 8b , the directional control valves 21 , 23 , and the on - off valves 22 , 24 jointly constitute a means for controlling the air 15 under pressure . operation of the weft insertion apparatus shown in fig4 and 5 will now be described . the air 15 under pressure from the source 2 is supplied to the regulators 19a , 19b by which the air pressure is reduced to a suitable degree , and the reduced air pressure is stored in the accumulator tanks 20a , 20b . the pressure in the accumulator tank 20a is selected to be low for the insertion of the thinner weft thread 3b . the pressure in the accumulator tank 20b is selected to be higher than that in the accumulator tank 20a for the insertion of the thicker weft thread 3a . likewise , the air 15 under pressure is fed through the regulators 7a , 7b by which the air pressure is reduced to the subtanks 8a , 8b , respectively . the pressure in the subtank 8a is lower than that in the subtank 8b . while the main shaft of the loom makes one complete revolution , the cam 28 makes half of its full revolution so that the output signal from the sensor 27 will be varied each time the cam 28 rotates 180 degrees . each time the cam 28 rotates 180 degrees or the loom main shaft makes one revolution , the switching command unit 25 varies the level of the weft selection signal c to shift the directional control valves 21 , 23 for supplying air 15 under a different pressure to the on - off valves 22 , 24 . in response to the information from the sensor 27 , the on - off program selector 30 reads a stored on - off program , that is , weft insertion timing program from the memory 31 , to deliver a displacement angle with its timing corresponding to the selected weft thread to the on - off command unit 26 . the on - off command unit 26 compares the weft insertion timing angle as read from the memory 31 with an actual displacement angle of the loom shaft as detected by the encoder 29 . when the compared angles coincide with each other , the on - off command unit 26 issues the on - off command signals d , e to the on - off valves 22 , 24 , respectively . the on - off valves 22 , 24 are then opened to allow the air 15 under pressure to pass therethrough to the main nozzle 6 and the subnozzles 12 in timed relation to weft inserting and carrying operations . where the thicker weft thread 3a is to be inserted , the weft insertion main nozzle 6 ejects the air 15 under a higher pressure to force the weft thread 3a into the warp shed , and where the thinner weft thread 3b is to be inserted , the weft insertion main nozzle 6 ejects the air 15 under a lower pressure to drive the weft thread 3b into the warp shed . the subnozzles 12 eject the air 15 under a pressure selected to meet the selected weft thread for accelerating and carrying the weft thread through the warp shed with a suitable weft carrying force . the weft carrying force may be regulated by varying the interval of time in which the air 15 under pressure is ejected . for example , the on - off command unit 26 generates the on - off command signals d , e for a longer interval of time when the thicker weft thread 3a is to be inserted , and generates the on - off command signals d , e for a shorter interval of time when the thinner weft thread 3b is to be inserted . the on - off valves 22 , 24 are therefore open for different intervals of time dependent on the kind of weft thread to be inserted , for thereby exerting an appropriate weft carrying force to the selected weft thread . with the embodiment shown in fig4 and 5 , the nozzles are supplied with air having a pressure suitable for a weft thread to be inserted . where a weft thread is to be inserted which requires no larger weft carrying force , no undue consumption of pressurized air is assured for reduced total air consumption under pressure . furthermore , since the nozzles for inserting and carrying weft threads are supplied with pressurized air at suitable ejection timings for the selected weft threads , respectively , the occurrence of weft insertion failures becomes less frequent , resulting in stabilized weft insertion . according to the embodiment of fig6 air pressure is regulated by a single remotely controlled pressure regulator valve 32 disposed in a pipe 18 connecting a subtank 8 to a plurality , three for example , of on - off valves 24 . the pressure regulator valve 32 is responsive to switching command signals f1 , f2 , applied one at a time , for passing air 15 under a pressure appropriate for the kind of a weft thread selected for insertion . the arrangement of fig6 is simpler because there are required no separate subtanks for respective air pressure settings . although only the remotely controlled pressure regulator valve 32 for the subnozzles 12 is shown in fig6 a similar pressure regulator valve may be provided in a piping system for the main nozzle 6 for weft insertion . as shown in fig7 a main nozzle unit 6 is composed of a pair of main nozzles . air 15 is supplied from tanks 20a , 20b under different pressures to the main nozzle unit 6 under the control of respective on - off valves 22a , 22b . the pressurized air 15 is selectively fed to the main nozzle unit 6 dependent on the kind of a weft thread to be inserted , so that the main nozzle unit 6 will be shifted in position to bring one of the main nozzles into alignment with the warp shed for inserting the selected weft thread . fig8 shows an electric control system in which the on - off valves 22a , 22b are controlled respectively by two on - off command signals d1 , d2 alternately issued by an on - off command unit 26 in synchronism with weft thread selection . although the air jet loom employing two different weft threads has been described in each embodiment , the present invention is applicable to air jet looms using more than two different weft threads . the subnozzles and the piping system connected thereto in the 1st through 3rd embodiments may replace the subnozzles and the piping system connected thereto in the 4th and 6th embodiments . furthermore , the main nozzle and the piping system coupled thereto with the control system therefor in the 4th and 6th embodiments may be incorporated in a multiple - color air jet loom having no subnozzles . in the illustrated embodiments , pressurized air is ejected at the same time from the subnozzles , but it may alternatively be ejected sequentially from the successive groups of subnozzles . although certain preferred embodiments have been shown and described , it should be understood that many changes and modifications may be made therein without departing from the scope of the appended claims .","multiple - color air jet looms successively insert different kinds of weft threads into warp sheds to weave a fabric of desired construction . the different weft threads are subjected to different resistances to their being drawn through a main nozzle and are carried on air jets under different conditions , so that the weft threads will be inserted unstably at different speeds . with the arrangement of the invention , selected weft threads for insertion are carried , one at a time , through the warp shed under respective different weft carrying forces suited for the weft threads . the different weft carrying forces may be produced by varying pressures at which air is ejected , intervals of time during which air is ejected under pressure , or the manner in which subnozzles are positioned along the warp shed . there is provided a control means for changing the air pressures and ejection time intervals in synchronism with operation of the air jet loom ."
4,"reference will now be made in detail to the preferred embodiments of the present invention , examples of which are illustrated in the accompanying drawings . wherever possible , the same reference numbers will be used throughout the drawings to refer to the same or like parts . fig1 illustrates a prospective side view of a washing machine in accordance with the present invention . according to fig1 , the washing machine includes a cabinet 5 , a tub 3 , and a drum 9 . the drum 9 includes a drum axle 13 , which transmits a driving force of a dc motor 6 to the drum 9 . for smooth operation of the motor 6 , the drum axle 13 is equipped with bearings 12 at its both ends , which are placed in a bearing housing ( not illustrated ). the motor 6 itself contains a stator 7 and a rotor 8 which is directly connected to the drum 9 and rotates it . the washing machine also includes a hanging spring 4 which functions as a support between an inner top of the cabinet 5 and an outer top of the tub 3 . in order to reduce vibration of the tub 3 , the washing machine includes a friction damper 10 provided between an inner bottom of the cabinet 5 and the outer bottom of the tub 3 . in addition , the washing machine includes a motor sensor 11 which measures a number of the rotor 8 rotation , which represents the speed of the motor 6 . fig2 is a flow chart illustrating a method of controlling a spinning operation of the washing machine shown in fig1 according to one embodiment of the present invention . according to fig2 , a microprocessor ( not illustrated ) of the washing machine initially increases the rotational speed of the tub 3 from zero to a second predetermined speed . it then measures an acceleration time that it takes for the rotational speed to reach the second predetermined speed from zero . finally , it determines the load weight of the wet clothes based upon the measured acceleration ( s 201 ). measuring the load weight of the wet clothes improves the performance of the washing machine by obtaining more accurate washing parameters . an example of the washing parameters is the acceleration rate at which the microprocessor increases the rotational speed . the microprocessor determines the optimal acceleration rate based on the measured load weight and increases the rotational speed at the determined optimal acceleration rate ( s 202 ). according to the present invention , the corresponding acceleration rate now helps rebalance the load of the clothes so efficiently that it saves time and neither vibrates the tub 3 nor creates a noise . thus , the load balancing cycle is shortened . now , the motor 6 rotates at the corresponding acceleration rate to balance the load and the microprocessor determines the unbalanced distribution level , which represents how irregularly the load is distributed in the tub 3 ( s 203 ). if the unbalanced distribution level is less than the reference value ( s 204 ), then it moves onto the main spinning cycle to perform . ( s 205 ). otherwise , the microprocessor interrupts the spinning operation and shuts off a power supply to the motor 6 that rotates the tub 3 for a predetermined time ( s 206 ) and goes back to the step of increasing the rotational speed at the determined optimal acceleration rate upon the measured load weight ( s 202 ). fig3 is a graph illustrating a spinning operation including a determined optimal acceleration rate during a load balancing cycle in accordance with the present invention . during the load balancing cycle , the motor 6 rotates up to 108 rpm at the determined acceleration rate based upon the load measured weight . according to the present invention , table 1 below shows how the acceleration rate differentiates upon the load weight . as tabulated in the table 1 , the microprocessor determines the acceleration rate which corresponds to the load weight . a plurality of the acceleration rates is predetermined for a plurality of the load weight ranges . each load weight range is assigned to a certain acceleration rate . exceptionally , for the light load , the microprocessor alternately increases the rotational speed of the tub 3 to a predetermined speed by selecting the two determined optimal acceleration rates one by one in order to minimize the unbalanced distribution of the wet clothes within the tub 3 . the acceleration rate noticeably varies as the load weight changes in order to optimize efficiency of the load balancing cycle . to be more specific , the acceleration rate is inversely proportional to the load weight . the acceleration rate helps to quickly lower the unbalanced distribution level . then , it will proceed to the main spinning cycle if the unbalanced distribution level is less than the reference value . as a note , the unit of the acceleration rate is rpm / ms , meaning that the speed of the motor increases by 1 revolution per minute ( rpm ) in 1 millisecond . in addition to the load balancing cycle specified above , it may include an additional step of a load balancing cycle prior to the load weighing cycle . the additional step helps to measure the load weight more accurately by reducing other side effects such as the vibration of the motor and the walking of the washing machine . for example , fig4 is a graph illustrating a spinning operation including the additional step of a first load balancing cycle prior to the load weighing cycle , and a step of a second load balancing cycle with the determined acceleration rate . it is realized that the rotational speed needs to be approximately as low as 46 rpm due to the fact that below 50 rpm a gravity of the load prevails over a centrifugal force of the motor so that the load moves freely and gets balanced easily . during the first load balancing cycle , the motor alternately rotates with the load at the predetermined speed at least one cycle in each direction , a first direction and a second direction . it is likely that at the predetermined speed the load reaches a top of the tub 3 , it falls down to a bottom of the tub 3 due to the gravity , instead of sticking to a wall of the tub 3 and spinning with it by the centrifugal force . fallen by the gravity , the unbalanced load is evenly spread out in the tub 3 . for example , a heavy chunk of the tangled load is spinning around in the tub 3 causing the vibration of the motor . the microprocessor can spread out the heavy chunk of the tangled load by free - falling from the top and being hit on the bottom of the tub 3 , continuously . fig5 is a flowchart illustrating a spinning operation including a plurality of unbalanced distribution levels in accordance with the present invention . the microprocessor measures a first unbalanced distribution level at a first speed below a resonance frequency range of the motor ( s 501 ). the resonance frequency range of the washing machine is usually from 170 rpm to 250 rpm and the main spinning cycle is frequently performed above 300 rpm . the first unbalanced distribution level is determined by measuring a speed variation of a motor that rotates the tub 3 . for example , if the motor rotates at 100 rpm , the microprocessor measures how much the speed fluctuates at 100 rpm . it then determines if the first unbalanced distribution level is less than a first reference value ( s 502 ). it interrupts the spinning operation of the washing machine and shuts off the power supply to the motor 6 that rotates the tub 3 for a predetermined time when the first unbalance value is greater than a first reference value ( s 505 ). if the first unbalanced distribution level is less than the first reference value , the microprocessor measures a second unbalanced distribution level ( s 503 ). the important is that it measures the second unbalanced distribution level at a second speed selected from the resonance frequency of the washing machine . now , the microprocessor determines difference between the first unbalanced distribution level and the second unbalanced distribution level . it may calculate the difference by dividing the first unbalanced distribution level by the second unbalanced distribution level , as a ratio . or , it may simply subtract one from the other . it then compares the difference to a second reference value to determine if the difference is less than the second reference value . ( s 504 ). it interrupts the spinning operation of the washing machine and shuts off the power supply to the motor 6 for the predetermined time when the difference is greater than the second reference value ( s 505 ). if the difference is less than the second reference value , then it proceeds to the main spinning cycle ( s 506 ). fig6 is a graph illustrating a spinning operation including a plurality of unbalanced distribution levels in accordance with the present invention . the present invention measures the plurality of unbalanced distribution levels . for example , as shown in fig6 , a first unbalanced distribution level is measured at 108 rpm below the resonance frequency range . “ a ” denotes a last minute drain - out stage during which the microprocessor speeds up the motor to 170 rpm for a predetermined time in order to drain out leftover water in the tub 3 . if the first unbalanced distribution level is less than the first reference value , the microprocessor stores the first unbalance distribution level and determines a second unbalance distribution level at 170 rpm selected from the resonance frequency range . as experimentally proved , the first unbalanced distribution level determined below the resonance frequency range is prominently different from the second one within the resonance frequency range . if proceeding to the main spinning cycle is determined based on the only first unbalanced distribution level , the washing machine will be unstably performed causing the vibration , walking of the washing machine , and noises from it . determining a difference between the first and the second determined unbalanced distribution levels and considering it as the unbalanced distribution level , the present invention obtains smoother and improved performance of the washing machine . the microprocessor performs the last minute drain - out stage at 300 rpm . therefore , according to the present invention , the spinning operation includes the optional load first balancing cycle which untangles the load , the load weighing cycle which measures the load weight , the load balancing cycle which balances the load , and the main spinning cycle . it will be apparent to those skilled in the art that various modifications and variations can be made in the present invention without departing from the spirit or scope of the inventions . thus , it is intended that the present invention covers the modifications and variations of this invention provided they come within the scope of the appended claims and their equivalents .","a method of performing a spinning operation of a washing machine is disclosed . first , a load weight of wet clothes contained in a tub is measured , and an optimal acceleration rate is calculated based upon the measured load weight . finally , a rotational speed of the tub is gradually increased up to a predetermined speed at the calculated optimal acceleration rate such that the unbalanced distribution of the wet clothes within the tub is minimized ."
